add docs for security advises (#1921)
thoth-station/adviser: docs/source/security.rst

> .. _security_advises:

Reviewer: To have this included in toc tree, there is a need to add a reference to the index - https://github.com/thoth-station/adviser/blob/master/docs/source/index.rst

Thoth Security Advises
======================

Thoth allows users to request security advises. When a security based advise is

> requested the pipeline unit ``SecurityIndicatorsStep`` [#security_step] is

Reviewer: You can directly reference claseses:
`
```suggestion
requested the pipeline unit :class:`SecurityIndicatorsStep <thoth.adviser.steps.security_indicators.SecurityIndicatorsStep>` is
```
